Dear Alexander

I hope you are doing well. My apprentice, young Magnus, wants to meet you.
He wants to be an adventurer like you. He even has a little notebook he purchased like your own.
I worry if he keeps it up he will try to organize my study next! 

Anyway, I hear your looking for a Dragon now of all things? Is that right? 
Magnus was there when it attacked the great library. He is fine. We have little information from that incident as if flew away.

I worry you will try to fight it on your own. 

You should try to at least have another person with you. Most adventurer groups have at least four people!
I doubt you will listen. Just come back in one piece then.

I have looked into your previous question about the mysterious new kind of magic that has been showing up.
Though rare, it has been showing up for a long time. Always different, always changing. 

The few stories of people I have read encountering it speak of dangerous things, though not all the time.
It seems to be getting slowly more prominent. I worry it will change over time and become more dangerous!

I have looked into some of the stories and found that it takes many forms. Here are the ones I know of, 
though it seems there could be more than this... Who knows how many there are?

Keep in mind some of this comes from identification magic. You know of the kind I speak of.

Glitch: It seems this type is very unstable. For some reason many reports say there is green or purple colors associated with this.
Some stories state there are... very odd things that can happen with this type of monster. Be careful out there!

Null: An element of nothingness. Sometimes the mere presence of this causes odd things to occur. 

Mystery: An element of the unknown. I am not certain what to make of this. Could it be people know little about it?

Corrupt: One of the most dangerous types. It seems this type is of damage and corrosion. I would keep an extra sword handy just in case.

All: I do not think this is real. Who ever heard about using all elements at the same time? Preposterous.

Admin: A type that seems to be difficult to understand. I do not understand it.
Whatever this type is of, it seems to be resistant to some things. Try using something unexpected on it.

Normal: May appear more normal than it actually is. I feel this type may be mis-named.

Text: Apparently there are some monsters that affect words. I bet your going to have a real time of it trying to write in that notebook of yours when one is around.

Probably more. I bet you will be the onne to find them and inform me of them later. 
As more stories file in about other odd occurances, I bet I will find more to report to you as time goes on.

In other news, I hear rumors of a mirror? Some kind of cursed object that is locked away in secret in that town you are going to.
This rumor could be nothing. I bet you won't even see or hear of it. This rumor is of dubious quality and comes from a source simply called "the Spy".
This informant is not bad or dangerous, but I feel you should look into them while you are there.

I worry with the odd things I have been hearing lately what it means for you. Unusual monster attacks? I bet old Jake has his hands full right now.
I would like to talk more, but I am running out of ink.

Your Pal Albus Starseeker